TREEHOUSE GROWFLOW TOKEN CHECK - MAC v8.1

CUSTOMER NO-MATCH DIAGNOSTIC (NEW)
Your previous run confirmed one receipt read, but the customer query matched
no records. This mode checks whether the Name/PatientName choice or optional
Active/Disabled/IsAnon filters are responsible for the zero result.
Use the existing token. It needs Read > Customers; no new permissions required.
In Terminal, type bash followed by a space, drag Diagnose-Customer.command
from THIS extracted folder into Terminal, and press Enter.
The heading must say CUSTOMER MATCH DIAGNOSTIC - Mac v8.1.
Enter the same token, customer name, patient-ID ending and optional balance.
No receipt is requested or retested in this mode.

Maximum three HTTP requests: schema, original customer check, and (only after
an accepted complete zero-match result) one targeted comparison request.
That comparison contains up to TWO bounded findCustomers queries: Name and,
when present in the live schema, PatientName. Each still requires the entered
full name AND patient-ID ending and excludes deleted records. It omits Active,
Disabled and IsAnon solely for this private owner-operated diagnostic. It may
therefore find a record excluded by business-status restrictions. It does not
change those flags or alter the website's eligibility rules.
Each query requests at most two candidates. Internal IDs are used in memory
to reject ambiguous matches across both name fields and are never displayed.
There is no comparison after a permission error, incomplete/ambiguous original
result, or rate-limit stop. No unfiltered customer list is requested.
Send only the status lines. Public lookup rules still require verification.

THE ORIGINAL GENERAL CHECK IS ALSO INCLUDED BELOW

1. PREPARE
Use the new GrowFlow API token you saved in Bitwarden. Do not create another
token if you already have one with the needed Read permissions.
For the points/phone check, the token needs Read > Customers.
For the optional receipt check, it also needs Read > Orders and your store.
No Create permissions, menu key, client ID, or client secret are needed.
Customer access is organization-wide, regardless of selected stores.

2. NODE.JS (ONE-TIME SETUP, IF NOT ALREADY INSTALLED)
Open Terminal on your Mac (Command + Space, type Terminal, press Enter).
Type: node -v
If it reports v22 or newer, you are ready.
If Node is missing or older, use the macOS LTS installer at:
https://nodejs.org/en/download
Choose the macOS Installer (.pkg) and follow the installer steps.
Close and reopen Terminal afterward. No Homebrew or npm install is needed.
The checker itself does not install anything.

3. OPEN THE CHECKER
Save the ZIP in Downloads and double-click it to extract the folder.
Keep all five files together. The folder can remain in Downloads.
In Terminal, paste this command and press Enter:

bash "$HOME/Downloads/Treehouse-GrowFlow-Mac-Check-v8.1/Start-Check.command"

If you extracted it somewhere else, type bash followed by one space, drag
Start-Check.command from Finder into Terminal, then press Enter.
Do not put your token on the command line. The checker asks for it privately.
If macOS reports a security warning, share the warning text; do not disable
Gatekeeper or remove quarantine settings.

4. ENTER THE PRIVATE VALUES
Copy the GrowFlow token from Bitwarden. At the checker prompt, paste with
Command + V, then press Enter. You will not see text or dots while entering
ANY of the requested values. That is intentional.
- Enter only the gfr_ token, without Bearer, spaces, or quotation marks.
- Enter a known consenting customer's full name exactly as stored in GrowFlow.
- Enter the final five letters/numbers of their patient ID. ABC-12 and ABC12
  mean the same thing. The dash is optional and does not count as a character.
- Optionally enter their known CURRENT points balance, without commas.
  The checker reports MATCH or MISMATCH without printing either balance.
- Optionally enter one known order/receipt number exactly as stored, preserving
  leading zeros, prefixes, and punctuation. It does not need to belong to the
  selected customer; customer-to-order linkage is not checked here.
To skip customer testing, press Enter at the name prompt.
To skip receipt testing, press Enter at the receipt prompt.
Ctrl + C cancels. You can copy the final status lines back into chat.

WHAT THIS DOES
Maximum three small, sequential GraphQL requests: schema, customer, receipt.
Only this HTTPS endpoint receives your API requests:
https://retail.growflow.com/c/holysmokesdispensary/graphql
No token exchange, mutations, polling, automatic retries, history downloads,
contact uploads, or marketing messages. No credentials or reports are saved.
The terminal output contains fixed diagnostic text, match/presence indicators,
and numeric rate-limit headers; it does not display raw records or errors.
Each record query requests at most two candidates and rejects multiple matches
or hasNextPage=true. It never fetches the next page. Response headers can lower
the page cap or cause the checker to stop before further requests.
The guide says all requests are metered, including rejected requests. Plan
allowances and pricing are not specified in the guide.

HOW TO INTERPRET RESULTS
Schema returned: metadata worked; record access still needs testing.
POINTS numeric / PHONE nonempty: those fields were populated in this sample.
MATCH: the points balance agrees with what you entered privately.
MISMATCH: review the customer record and balance before enabling public lookup.
No match: the query ran, but record values were not verified.
Multiple matches: values suppressed; identity matching still needs work.
UNAUTHENTICATED: check token status, expiration, and the copied token value.
FORBIDDEN / permission rejection: check Read scopes and selected stores.
HTTP 429 / limit stop: wait before another run. Retry-After and RateLimit-Reset
are seconds. Do not run the checker repeatedly to work around a limit.
Missing schema fields / network failure: share the safe status lines.
Deleted customers are excluded. The receipt check filters IsDeleted only when
supported by the live schema, and reports when that filter is unavailable.
No phone ownership, deliverability, or marketing opt-in is established.
Full history, order items, customer/order linkage, and final public-lookup
identity rules are not verified by this diagnostic.

This is a local diagnostic, not a website update or a change to the TV menus.
Do not publish this folder in the public website or commit any credentials.
The .mjs code also runs on Windows with Node.js; this launcher is for Mac.

VALIDATION
The Node.js code passed 20 automated tests covering successful reads, input
rejection, ambiguous records, missing data, token/scope failures, HTTP 429,
redirect rejection, private-output suppression, documented request limits,
status/name comparisons, and ambiguous identities across both name fields.
Terminal tests verified hidden entry, Ctrl+C cancellation, and rejection of
piped input. Generated queries and variables validate against the supplied
example schema. No live GrowFlow requests were made during development.
Tests ran on Linux; the Mac launcher and your new token still need your local
run. The launcher needs Node.js 22 or newer and makes no system-setting changes.
